Restructure folders like engine code, i.e. ioquake.
Also use a more advanced Makefile, like the engine does.

Restructure this file; using proper layout and sort by priority!

Print realtime at game startup

Add g_nextmap, which is not executed immediatelly, but at map end. Maybe use already existing cvar nextmapBackUp

Use way more helper functions
Create helpers to get one or more client numbers (or -1 for world) from a string

Improve vote pass. Print amount of yes-no-dontcare at vote end?

Unlagged?

Floodlimit chat, vote, userinfo
NOTE: This'll cause problems, as we might need to call ClientUserinfoChanged() ourself

Fix encoding and linebreaks in all files..

Mute players' chat, vote etc.
Lock a players name, team. Also globally lock teams. This will most likely cause problems with other code

Implement a ccmd /players, which lists players with their cid, name, (time, score), team, etc. to allow identifying players by cid

Is a command to pause the entire game usefull? Certainly quite some dirty code all around involved

Rename player command?

There are quite a bunch of commands which are fun, but not actually usefull: slap, fling, disorient, freeze, kill, swapteams, spec999

Save scores on teamchange between real teams?

Add new votes, like shuffleteams.

Shuffleteams might use kills/deaths ration instead of just scores (also account for 1/1, even noobs can do one kill in the first minute).
Also do not shuffle good players which have been in their team for a long time?
I assume this is all just to complicated (to implement) and players might still feel that teams are uneven and just call another shuffleteams vote..

Do more sanity checks and calls to G_Error plus some debug output.

Either use less colors/more equal to game's default output or add option to disable/reduce colors

Remove some unused code, like teamLeader, com_blood etc.?
Maybe fix rank calculation in LPS

Make client time (and points) persistant across maps.
This will cause some problems (current map kill/death ratio) and irritation. Needs at least new var for totalTime, spectatorTime, (currentScore) etc.

Also check say/say_team for our (lateron) added custom client commands?

Create sort of a help system, which at least explains votes and newly added commands.

